The Truth About Learning Literacy 1 Learning is actually simple
2 Believe it or not the fact is that for
adults learning is essentially just carefully reading instructions from a
certain perspective 3 Words only have an impact when combined
with meaningful knowledge 4 Understanding language also requires continuous log-
ical
training 5 Shatter the illusion Interest is the best teacher
It's not that you do well because you're interested but
rather that you become interested because you do well 6
The most important learning is always forced 7 This is
an exceptionally simple yet extremely important even indispensable understandin-
g about
learning Truly important learning must and can only be achieved
through long-term coercion 8 Children are their parents' greatest fortune
because their arrival forces you to restart your learning journey
and even redefine yourself 9 Develop crucial habits Force yourself
10 Before learning anything spend a significant amount of time
on mental preparation Take out pen and paper list and
continuously add to What are the consequences if I can't
learn this thing Take it out whenever you have free
time continuously supplement it and create an effective fear to
push yourself